### Who controls Echo? How can I get more information to participate?

Echo is developed by Pixelplex, a leading international blockchain development firm. Since 2013, Pixelplex has been developing smart contract protocols including Bitshares, Qtum, and Vechain. After building 50 different projects on different protocols including Bitcoin, Ethereum, Bitshares, Qtum and EOS, the Pixelplex team created Echo to enable deeper interoperability between these platforms. Echo is led by by Alex Dulub, the founder of PixelPlex and Tyler Evans, the co-founder of BTC.
Echo Network is controled by Echo Committee members. Members of the committee is carefully selected. Since network development depends on the actions of the committee, all committee members should be interested in the successful development of the sidechain in particular and the project in general. One of the main factors here is the need for all committee members to keep a certain amount of Echo tokens staked in the system. Each active committee member must maintain the Echo blockchain and the Bitcoin/Ethereum blockchains (full node) in active and synchronized state. This means that the node of each active committee member oversees the main chain network and checks blocks for transactions that are affecting the sidechain.
The committee members are not only responsible for ensuring the stable operation of the sidechain mechanism, but also have to sustain an up-to-date status of the committee itself. It is the committee members themselves who decide which of the participants should be added to the committee, or who should be excluded from it using Echo blockchain special operations.
You may also participate in Echo Network as Committee member, Producer or Verifier by trying the Echo wallet, joining the network with running your own Echo node, contributing to our open source repositories, or by building your first application using Echo according to "How to" tutorial.
The full list of current Committee members you can see on the Echo Explorer portal
