# [0.15]

### Added
- Modify precompiled contract ecrecover:
    - Object `evm_address_object`.
    - Operation [evm_address_register_operation](/api-reference/echo-operations/account-management.md#evm_address_register_operation).
- Methods Database API:
    - [get_evm_addresses](/api-reference/echo-node-api/database-api/account-api.md#get_evm_addresses-account-id).
- Methods Wallet API:
    - [get_evm_addresses](/api-reference/echo-wallet-api/README.md#get_evm_addresses-account_id).
- Default value for `max-ops-per-contract`.
- Caching in agreement by attempt.
- Field `eth_accuracy` to `contract_object`.

### Removed
- Methods from Wallet API:
    - `import_accounts`
    - `import_account_keys`
    - `old_key_to_wif`
- Empty and deprecated files.

### Fixed
- Refactoring describe wallet-API in code.
- An assert in `_apply_block` that led to looped attempts to generate the next block.
- Sidechain log messages.
- Disabling unnecessary logs:
    - Added handling error `JSON-RPC`.
- Minor Dockerfile fixes.
- Transaction expiration check for head block.
- The wallet does not end after disconnecting from the node by TLS connection:
    - Added ping pong mechanism for TLS connection.

### Improved
- Added ability to call a contract from another x86-64 contract, for x86-64 VM.
- Refactor ECHO byte types to uint8_t.
- Modify precompiled contract ecrecover. Returns the account that the recovered `evm_address` is associated with.
- Allow users to use asset `BTC` and `ETH` on the Echo network without having a pre balance.
- Update EVM to 1.8.0 version.

## Changed data structures
[Actual operation order](/api-reference/echo-operations/operations-order.md)

[Actual objects order](/api-reference/echo-objects/objects-order.md)