# [0.18]

## [0.18.1]

### Fixed
- Error with block rewards in multiple assets.
- Changed type of the field `assets` from `set` to `vector` in [block_reward_operation](../api-reference/echo-operations/block-reward.md#block_reward_operation).

## [0.18.0]

### Added
- Default values in sidechain config.
- Link of the proposal with the operations created by this proposal:
    - Field `proposal_hist_id` to [operation_history_object](../advanced/history/types/common.md#operation_history_object).
- Field `core_exchange_rate` to [asset_bitasset_data_object](../api-reference/echo-objects/asset-objects/asset-objects.md#asset_bitasset_data_object).
- Field `core_exchange_rate` to [asset_publish_feed_operation](../api-reference/echo-operations/asset-management.md#asset_publish_feed_operation).
- Link of the internal contract operation with the parent operation:
    - Field `parent_op_id` to [contract_history_object](../advanced/history/types/common.md#contract_history_object).
- Base fee in testrpc for [contract_create_operation](../api-reference/echo-operations/contracts.md#contract_create_operation) and [contract_call_operation](../api-reference/echo-operations/contracts.md#contract_call_operation).
- Default number of accounts in testRPC is now 10.
- Support of [contract_internal_call_operation](../api-reference/echo-operations/contracts.md#contract_internal_call_operation) for x86_64 contracts.

### Fixed
- Logs overwriting on node restart.
- Fork database handling in pop block.
- Some consensus sync issues.

### Improved
- Protocol version check when peers are handshaking.
- Sidechain plugin startup after finished syncing.
- TestRPC support for sending multiple identical transactions at the same time.
- Added caching of block transactions in p2p.

### Removed
- Unused fields from bitassets:
    - Fields `current_feed`, `settlement_price`, `settlement_fund` from `asset_bitasset_data_object`.
    - Field `feed` from [asset_publish_feed_operation](../api-reference/echo-operations/asset-management.md#asset_publish_feed_operation).
- GC BBA step from EchoRand.